feat: celestia-app docker document (#1364)
celestiaorg/docs: nodes/celestia-app-docker-image.md

# Overview of celestia app txsim
The Celestia app txsim binary is a tool that can be used to simulate transactions on the Celestia network. The txsim Docker image is designed to run the txsim binary with a variety of configurable options. 

## Prerequisites
- [Docker Desktop for Mac or Windows](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker) and a basic
  understanding of Docker
- [Docker Engine for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and a
  basic understanding of Docker
- A prefunded account set up with the keyring stored in a file to be accessed by an instance of the docker image.

## Quick Start
1. In your local machine, navigate to the home directory
   ```bash [linux or unix OS]
   cd $HOME
   ```
2. Create a file in which the keyring would be stored. The file will be mounted as a volume into the docker container.
   ```bash [linux or unix OS]
   Home/ touch .celestia-app
   ```
3. Using a suitable text editor of your choice, open the .celestial-app file and paste the keyring of the prefunded account.
   

> 5. We recommend that you set the necessary file permission for the .celestial-app file. A simple read access is all that is required for the docker container to access the content of the file.

Reviewer: 4?

> 7. You can run the txsim Docker image using the docker run command below.

Reviewer: 5?

   ```bash [linux or unix OS}
   docker run -it -v $HOME/.celestia-app:/home/celestia ghcr.io/celestiaorg/txsim -k 0 -r http://consensus-validator-robusta-rc6.celestia-robusta.com:26657,http://consensus-full-robusta-rc6.celestia-robusta.com:26657 -g consensus-validator-robusta-rc6.celestia-robusta.com:9090 -t 10s -b 10 -d 100 -e 10
   ```
8. In this command, the -v option is used to mount the $HOME/.celestia-app directory from the host to the /home/celestia directory in the Docker container. This allows the txsim binary to access the keyring for the prefunded account.

> ### Congratulations !!! You have successfuly set up the celestia app 😎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have successfuly set up celestia-app in Docker 😎
```

Author: Hello @jcstein, Thank you very much for the feedback. I'll make the necessary adjustments immediately.

> d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
